Fix StackBlitz Popovers and Tooltips examples (#36449)
twbs/bootstrap: site/layouts/partials/callout-warning-data-bs-title-vs-title.md

> Note that `title` attribute can be used instead of `data-bs-title` and will be removed and rendered directly in the Popper element.

Reviewer: How's something like this sound? Mostly want to double check that the `title` is replaced with `data-bs-title`.

```suggestion
Feel free to use either `title` or `data-bs-title` in your HTML. When `title` is used, Popper will replace it automatically with `data-bs-title` when the element is rendered.
```

Author: Thanks that's better explained like that. I commit your suggestion.
